Committee Meeting 11 November 2019
==================

[LF AI Committee Wiki](https://wiki.lfai.foundation/display/DL/Trusted+AI+Committee)

------------------------------------------------------ 

### Agenda/Updates:
* Quick feedback from the conferences that were attended: TensorFlow World, OSS EU
* Group shares feedback from LFAI Board meeting
  * LF AI Projects discussion
* Romeo to demo AIF360 -Nifi Integration + feedback from his talk at OSS Lyon
* Alka to present AT&T AI Principles Working doc
* Cancelling committee meetings on 28 Nov - US Holiday AND 26 Dec - Day after Christmas)

### Notes from the chat
Maureen McElaney : Projects discussed by the LF AI board: https://lfai.foundation/projects/
Maureen McElaney : AIF360 is on the way toward becoming a project there.
Jim Spohrer : Graduated requires multiple organizations as contributors - and committers from multi-organization ideals
Jim Spohrer : also a premier member should be closely associated with the project to graduate
Jim Spohrer : For example Huawei for ONNX
Romeo Kienzler : have you seen https://tvm.ai/about really cool!
From Jim Spohrer : The process is very detailed with a presentation to TAC and they approve, several forms and checklist, names of contacts, and vote for Governing Board - transfer of ownership, etc. - Ibrahim gave ONNX community a very good presentation describing the process which was recorded and posted to the ONNX community
From Jim Spohrer : +1 Romeo - thanks for tam.ai pointer very relevant to several projects
From Jim Spohrer : tvm.ai pointer
From Maureen McElaney : Google drive folder with meeting notes archive, master presentation doc, miscellaneous projects, etc. https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RSHBzTj7SRpbioR31JP9ASEjvuV9kqnw
From Maureen McElaney : Alka shared some details about how AT&T is working toward building AI principles. Still in draft. Nothing available publicly yet!
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : +1, thanks Alka this overview is very helpful - would be good if we could create a recorded version of it sometime if you are comfortable sharing more broadly - we should discuss how broadly you are willing to share this, and when will it be published
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : no questions - listening and learning - questions later :-)
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : Great questions @Susan Malaika: How does this AI criteria differ from other technologies/software?
From Alejandro Saucedo : Here is an extensive list of principles we're compiling, which could be relevant for that analysis https://github.com/ethicalml/awesome-artificial-intelligence-guidelines
From Alejandro Saucedo : This specifically is an analysis of the difference across various principles https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1903/1903.03425.pdf
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : @Alka - what are the costs of doing X.
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : agree cancel for holidays if possible - and do emails
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : +1, alejandro - small groups meetings if needed
From Susan Malaika : Great re: Alejandro's list … thank you
From Susan Malaika : will explore 
From Alejandro Saucedo : Great, would love to hear thoughts - we're continuously extending them, and this is where we built our principles from (i.e. https://ethical.institute/principles.html)
From Susan Malaika : Alejandro will include u
From Jim Spohrer (IBM) : +1, thanks all.  +1, Nat - you are a fountain of institutional knowledge - thanks you.  +1 Maureen for herding us cats.  +1 Alka for overview of AT&T document, +1 Romeo for update



