Committee Meeting 17 October 2019
==================

[LF AI Committee Wiki](https://wiki.lfai.foundation/display/DL/Trusted+AI+Committee)

------------------------------------------------------ 

### Summary
* Animesh walked through the draft slides
  * (to be presented in Lyon to LFAI governing board about TAIC)
* Discussion of changes to make
* Discussion of members, processes, and schedules


### Detail
* Jim will put slides in Google Doc and share with all participants
* Susan is exploring a slack channel for communications
* Trust and Responsibility, Color, Icons to add Amdocs, Alejandro's Institute


### Notes from the Zoom chat transcript:
+ @Ofer to PWG 
Alka: helped draft these - and acknowledges need to get everyone’s perspective - asked about feedback loop with Usecases Group 
 Francois: These slides will be a good resource - thank-you; now we have to organize the way we contribute to each part of the document - Suoad will lead getting consensus and finalizing this draft 
 Francois: Still need to define connection between principles and tooling - and make it concrete Animesh: Members of UWG? Animesh: Need members who will create use cases - software and actual industry use cases Animesh: What are the telco use cases? 
 Alka: personal focus on PWG definition.  Will work to gather AT&T use cases and try to find the right active person 
 Nat: interest yes.  However, current focus on the release - in 3-4 weeks from now release will be complete for Acumos.  Technical people tied up on release. Nat: Reuben can give guidance, and Nat working on next level of technical experts 
 Han: Jeff and I working to get more awareness and attract others in Tencent; open source office and develops team to get involved.  Find real world use cases 
Francois: Discussion of when PWG will meet - off-line and maybe two meetings. (Alka, Francois, Jeff, Susan)
Alka: I have material to share with everyone when we can schedule that
Animesh: Alejandro has great material on GitHub.

