Committee Meeting 3 October 2019
==================

[LF AI Committee Wiki](https://wiki.lfai.foundation/display/DL/Trusted+AI+Committee)

------------------------------------------------------ 

### Attendees:
Animesh Singh (IBM), Maureen McElaney (IBM), Han Xiao (Tencent), Alejandro Saucedo, Mikael Anneroth (Eriksson), Ofer Hermoni (Amdocs)

### Notes
Low attendance for this meeting… Asking attendees to double check their location settings in their LF profile and in the Wiki in Confluence to ensure the meeting is showing up on their calendars for the correct time.
There is a way to adjust your location settings in your confluence profile.
In your LF AI profile under "preferences" and in the confluence wiki in my profile under "settings”.

The title of the Trusted AI wiki changed so there is a new URL. Here it is: https://wiki.lfai.foundation/display/DL/Trusted+AI+Committee

There is now a GitHub repo for collaboration on the working group work. https://github.com/lfai/trusted-ai

We did not record this meeting (as discussed during our last call.) Moving forward we will ask for permission to record meetings and then record with consent from all involved in the call.

### Notes from the Zoom chat transcript:
From mmcelaney@us.ibm.com : 
Technical working group met with Acumos to discuss use cases that use fairness, explainability, robustness and still working that out.

Principles working group has been discussing over email but nothing concrete to report yet.

Alejandro mentioned that there needs to be a way to collect new tooling to be added to the Trusted AI list.

Mikael Anneroth needs to be added to the Principles Working group emails. So does Alejandro.

Souad Ouali is the working group leader for the principles working group. Romeo Kienzler is the working group leader for the Technical/Use Cases working group.

From Alejandro Saucedo : https://github.com/EthicalML/awesome-production-machine-learning#explaining-black-box-models-and-datasets
From mmcelaney@us.ibm.com : ^^^ Big list of explainable/fair AI libraries compiled.

Animesh will check in with Orange to ensure they are interested in leading the Principles working group.

If Orange is not interested, perhaps Alejandro could lead.

From Ofer Hermoni : Sorry, I need to drop. See some of you on the ML Workflow soon…

From mmcelaney@us.ibm.com : The existing principles on the Trusted AI Committee wiki are taking from IBM’s and listed under the “Sub Categories” section of the wiki. Our hope is the principles working group can expand this to be more comprehensive.

This work will be important and will inform the work of the rest of the Trusted AI Committee working groups.

The third working group that we might recommend could be focused on “AI Standards"

